Zingo! A Zcash Application

Use zero knowledge cryptography to manage your transaction history in a private and mindful way.

Take exclusive and unique control over your history. Use this unique insight into your
own financial behavior to introspect on how you spend money. Share
insights on your terms. Establish healthy relationships with diverse economic communities.

Only you have the power to share your information! Your perspective matters. You matter.

When you send Zcash you can write a memo containing anything you like. When you receive
Zcash you also receive the memo that the Sender wrote. As with most cryptocurrencies, wallets
routinely send transactions to themselves to recover "change" from the transaction.  In this case, where
the application is both the Sender and the Receiver, Zingo uses the memo system to write
notes to itself about the transactions it builds for the User.

Zingo extracts that data to provide insights exclusively to you.  In our initial release we
already use this Introspective mechanism to "remember" which addresses you've previously sent Zcash.
Zcash supports a multi-protocol Unified Address that enables the protocol to upgrade to newer versions
without breaking backwards compatibility with earlier versions. This Unified Address system is 
implemented by clients off-chain. Clients share Unified Addresses with each other, the Unified
Addresses contain Protocol-Version Specific Addresses that the client can upack, and publish to the
blockchain as part of the transaction that it builds. This means that the on-chain address associated
with a transaction does not contain all of the information the Sending-Client received as a "Unified Address"
from the Recipient-Client.  If the Sending-Client simply recorded the UA off-chain then, in the case of
Re-Sprouting the Client from its SeedPhrase, there'd be no way to recover that relationship data.  Zingo
solves this issue by recording the original recipient provided UA in the memo field of change from the
transaction.

In other words, Zingo keeps track of who you've sent Zcash to, on the blockchain.  



  Your data is never exposed to any
third party.  By providing Users with private insight into their own economic behavior, we
are enabling everyone to make healthier financial decisions. We anticipate diverse communities
that form around different kinds of insights, to collaborate on shared values.
